DV125_15_PAS_On Use Cases of IAAS.




1 What is infrastructure as a service provider?
ANS Infrastructure as a service provider means infrastructure as a service provider will provide server, hardwares, routers, switches, firewalls, cabling, a lot of security, monitoring, log access, load balancing, clustering, storage which makes an infrastructure as a service.
	
2 What are common usage of infrastructure as a service?
ANS Common usage of infrastructure as a service means on a local data center in an office users might have workloads running on a virtual machine and if the organization is looking to adopt cloud as a platform then they might want to lift and shift those virtual machines to the cloud. 
	
3 An organization might want to lift and shift virtual machines to the cloud with infrastructure as a service? True/False/
ANS True.
	
4 How are infrastructure as a service managed?
ANS Infrastructure as a service is managed in a similar way as an on premise infrastructure which provides an easy migration path for moving existing applications to the clouds. 
	
5 There are teams who can quickly set up and dismantle test and development environments? True/False.
ANS True.
	
6 What is the best option if an organization wants to bring new applications to the market faster?
ANS If an organization wants to bring new applications to the market faster infrastructure as a service is the best option.
	
7 What is the best way to do website hosting with infrastructure as a service?
ANS The best way to do website hosting with infrastructure as a service an organization has to build a new virtual machine in the cloud with AWS or Azure platform.
	
8 What does an organization have to install to their virtual machine if they want to do website hosting with infrastructure as service?
ANS An organization has to install apache, tomcat and host the web application on it if they want to do website hosting with infrastructure as service.
	
9 An organization might want to avoid the capital outlay and complexity of storage management? True/False.
ANS True.

10 Why should an organization might want to avoid the capital outlay and complexity of storage management?
ANS An organization might want to avoid the capital outlay and complexity of storage management because it requires a lot of skilled staff to manage the data, meet the legal and compliant requirements.